d:\users\tbag\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\teststuffprojectbackpropg\teststuffprojectbackpropg\bin\Debug\Digit_Recog\digit_test_0.txt
d:\users\tbag\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\teststuffprojectbackpropg\teststuffprojectbackpropg\bin\Debug\Digit_Recog\digit_test_1.txt
d:\users\tbag\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\teststuffprojectbackpropg\teststuffprojectbackpropg\bin\Debug\Digit_Recog\digit_test_2.txt
d:\users\tbag\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\teststuffprojectbackpropg\teststuffprojectbackpropg\bin\Debug\Digit_Recog\digit_test_3.txt
d:\users\tbag\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\teststuffprojectbackpropg\teststuffprojectbackpropg\bin\Debug\Digit_Recog\digit_test_4.txt
d:\users\tbag\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\teststuffprojectbackpropg\teststuffprojectbackpropg\bin\Debug\Digit_Recog\digit_test_5.txt
d:\users\tbag\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\teststuffprojectbackpropg\teststuffprojectbackpropg\bin\Debug\Digit_Recog\digit_test_6.txt
d:\users\tbag\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\teststuffprojectbackpropg\teststuffprojectbackpropg\bin\Debug\Digit_Recog\digit_test_7.txt
d:\users\tbag\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\teststuffprojectbackpropg\teststuffprojectbackpropg\bin\Debug\Digit_Recog\digit_test_8.txt
d:\users\tbag\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\teststuffprojectbackpropg\teststuffprojectbackpropg\bin\Debug\Digit_Recog\digit_test_9.txt
d:\users\tbag\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\teststuffprojectbackpropg\teststuffprojectbackpropg\bin\Debug\Digit_Recog\digit_train_0.txt
d:\users\tbag\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\teststuffprojectbackpropg\teststuffprojectbackpropg\bin\Debug\Digit_Recog\digit_train_1.txt
d:\users\tbag\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\teststuffprojectbackpropg\teststuffprojectbackpropg\bin\Debug\Digit_Recog\digit_train_2.txt
d:\users\tbag\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\teststuffprojectbackpropg\teststuffprojectbackpropg\bin\Debug\Digit_Recog\digit_train_3.txt
d:\users\tbag\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\teststuffprojectbackpropg\teststuffprojectbackpropg\bin\Debug\Digit_Recog\digit_train_4.txt
d:\users\tbag\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\teststuffprojectbackpropg\teststuffprojectbackpropg\bin\Debug\Digit_Recog\digit_train_5.txt
d:\users\tbag\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\teststuffprojectbackpropg\teststuffprojectbackpropg\bin\Debug\Digit_Recog\digit_train_6.txt
d:\users\tbag\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\teststuffprojectbackpropg\teststuffprojectbackpropg\bin\Debug\Digit_Recog\digit_train_7.txt
d:\users\tbag\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\teststuffprojectbackpropg\teststuffprojectbackpropg\bin\Debug\Digit_Recog\digit_train_8.txt
d:\users\tbag\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\teststuffprojectbackpropg\teststuffprojectbackpropg\bin\Debug\Digit_Recog\digit_train_9.txt
d:\users\tbag\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\teststuffprojectbackpropg\teststuffprojectbackpropg\bin\Debug\Wine\wine_test.txt
d:\users\tbag\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\teststuffprojectbackpropg\teststuffprojectbackpropg\bin\Debug\Wine\wine_train.txt
d:\users\tbag\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\teststuffprojectbackpropg\teststuffprojectbackpropg\bin\Debug\Wine\wine_train_3.txt
d:\users\tbag\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\teststuffprojectbackpropg\teststuffprojectbackpropg\bin\Debug\Wine\wine_train_1.txt
d:\users\tbag\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\teststuffprojectbackpropg\teststuffprojectbackpropg\bin\Debug\Wine\wine_train_2.txt
d:\users\tbag\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\teststuffprojectbackpropg\teststuffprojectbackpropg\bin\Debug\Patterns.csv
d:\users\tbag\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\teststuffprojectbackpropg\teststuffprojectbackpropg\bin\Debug\teststuffprojectbackpropg.exe
d:\users\tbag\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\teststuffprojectbackpropg\teststuffprojectbackpropg\bin\Debug\teststuffprojectbackpropg.pdb
d:\users\tbag\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\teststuffprojectbackpropg\teststuffprojectbackpropg\obj\x86\Debug\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
d:\users\tbag\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\teststuffprojectbackpropg\teststuffprojectbackpropg\obj\x86\Debug\teststuffprojectbackpropg.exe
d:\users\tbag\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\teststuffprojectbackpropg\teststuffprojectbackpropg\obj\x86\Debug\teststuffprojectbackpropg.pdb
D:\Users\TBag\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\COSC4P80_Project\teststuffprojectbackpropg\obj\x86\Debug\teststuffprojectbackpropg.exe
D:\Users\TBag\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\COSC4P80_Project\teststuffprojectbackpropg\obj\x86\Debug\teststuffprojectbackpropg.pdb
C:\Users\Mike\Documents\COSC4P80_Project\teststuffprojectbackpropg\obj\x86\Debug\teststuffprojectbackpropg.exe
C:\Users\Mike\Documents\COSC4P80_Project\teststuffprojectbackpropg\obj\x86\Debug\teststuffprojectbackpropg.pdb
